README.md, before:

# JCAP Activity Submission Repo
Congratulations on being a part of this elite group! This repository is for you (JCAP Advocates) to add more details about your contributions to the program!

# How to Submit an Activity
* Create an issue using our standard [submission template](https://github.com/jina-ai/jcap/issues/new/choose)
* Upload the details as per the template

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/70858293/179223459-e1bb4e33-7f81-4e47-8170-e49ca0458c8c.png)
* Write a clear, descriptive issue title as per our [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/jina-ai/jina/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#-naming-conventions)
* Preview your issue by clicking on the Preview tab to make sure everything looks okay. Proofreading >>>
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/70858293/179224057-0dc4d810-a2cd-400e-b977-2d02e2bef640.png)



# Support
If you need any further assistance feel free to reach out to our [Slack](https://slack.jina.ai). We're here to support you any way we can!

Commit message:

docs(jcap) - added purpose of using the repo
added details stating explicitly what activities can be submitted

README.md, after:

# JCAP Activity Submission Repo
Congratulations on being a part of this elite group! This repository is for you (JCAP Advocates) to add more details about your contributions to the program!

# What to Submit
If you 
- Started a discussion, or answered someone's support query on our Slack community
- Posted about us to your social network 
- Wrote a blog about Jina and related topics in collaboration with our team or independently
- Attended and/or shared your opinion at a Jina-hosted event
- Organised an online/offline meetup in your local community aimed at bringing more awareness towards Jina

We would love to hear about your experience! Give us all the deets - what went right, what could be improved, who helped you - all by cretaing an issue on this repo!

# How to Submit an Activity
* Create an issue using our standard [submission template](https://github.com/jina-ai/jcap/issues/new/choose)
* Upload the details as per the template

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/70858293/179223459-e1bb4e33-7f81-4e47-8170-e49ca0458c8c.png)
* Write a clear, descriptive issue title as per our [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/jina-ai/jina/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#-naming-conventions)
* Preview your issue by clicking on the Preview tab to make sure everything looks okay. Proofreading >>>
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/70858293/179224057-0dc4d810-a2cd-400e-b977-2d02e2bef640.png)



# Support
If you need any further assistance feel free to reach out to our [Slack](https://slack.jina.ai). We're here to support you any way we can!
